(film projector whirring)
(gentle piano music)
- Oh, yeah. I don't think I'm gonna go.
I'll just stay here, watch a movie.
I know, I know. I never go
out with you guys anymore.
(suspenseful music)
Listen...
I'm dying for some me time.
I just really need to stay in tonight.
(ominous music)
I know.
Me and my excuses.
(ominous music)
Okay. Have a drink for me.
You guys have fun and be safe.
All right, bye.
(suspenseful music)
(tapping on window)
(ominous music)
(water running)
(suspenseful music)
Hello?
(door creaking)
(startling music)
(pad slaps table)
- Why is she naked?
- Do you shower with clothes on?
- I don't, but Mary Rose
was not found in her home,
and she was not nude when
they discovered her body,
so I'm wondering why she's
getting naked in this scenario.
- Look, horror fans want certain things
in their films, okay?
- Tits?
- Among other things.
- Like, what else?
- Blood, clowns, and incest hillbillies,
which you two shot down immediately!
- I'm still against those.
- I still feel fine about
that decision, by the way.
- Fine.
- Before we proceed any further,
I've mentioned this before, but
I'm just gonna say it again.
Is this exploitative?
- Since when did showing a
beautiful woman's body on camera
become exploitative?
- I'm not talking about the nude scene.
I'm talking about writing a horror movie
about murders that are
taking place, you know,
among our neighbors and community
in the very recent past.
- You're right. You're right.
We'll get a few angry emails,
a couple of bad reviews,
but look, guys, this is gonna be huge!
Think about it. Who's done this before?
A movie about a murderer
that's still at large.
Think about it. You're in the
theater watching this movie.
Who's that? Is that your friend, John?
Or is that the murderer?
- That's interesting.
- I don't wanna step on
anybody's toes or anything,
and I'm not a writer,
but I am a little nervous about
looking into these murders
with them still being active.
There's a lot of stuff we don't know.
- Right, we wanna make sure
that it's told correctly,
for one thing.
Of course, I also have
concerns about the fact
that the story doesn't have an ending.
- That's true.
- One the one hand,
yes, that's very scary.
He could still be among us and all that.
On the other hand,
we had three murders within four months
and then four months of nothing.
- That's where you come in.
Look, we know a lot about what's going on,
but it's safe to say that
there's a lot we don't know.
I say we spice it up a little bit.
Take a few artistic liberties.
- It could be artsy.
- Spice, okay, so...
What are you thinking?
- Well, now that you
ask, just bear with me.
Our killer. This is
all just a game to him.
But guess what? Regular season's over.
He's clenched his division.
He's in the playoffs with a bye week.
- I don't do sports.
- I follow you.
- He's planning.
Preparing for his next
big game. His Super Bowl.
A fucking blood bath!
- Okay, but...
Where's all the blood coming from?
There was dismemberment, yes.
There are parts missing
from the bodies found,
but the actual cause of
death was strangulation.
The mutilation was posthumous.
- She's right.
- Look, do you guys
wanna make a documentary
or a good movie?
- I'm sorry that these women's deaths
were not exciting enough for you, Seth!
- That's not what I meant.
- We don't know a lot
about the people involved.
Maybe there needs to be some research.
Like the killer, we don't even know
is he a good guy, bad guy?
- They're not a good person.
- He's a psychopath.
- Well, I mean, maybe, yeah.
It's worth mentioning, like you said,
there haven't been any
deaths in several months.
He could be done.
- Yeah.
All right, so we're talking
about spinning an ending
out of thin air.
We'll write down ideas,
make sure that everybody
feels heard in the scenario.
I'm putting Seth down for a blood bath,
total effing blood bath.
- Thank you.
- And Mark...
Done.
- Done.
- I'm just gonna write that. Done.
- And on that exciting note,
I think we're done for the day.
(car dinging)
(anxious music)
(dramatic music)
(tinkling music)
♪ My heart will fly to heaven ♪
♪ On the day he'll be mine ♪
♪ We'll be standing on the threshold ♪
♪ Of a moment divine ♪
♪ And from that day forever ♪
♪ We will leave hand in hand ♪
♪ It's the day of days ♪
♪ The one for which I've
dreamed and I've planned ♪
(sentimental orchestra music)
- [Mara] Quickly, Truson!
I have a key! The jailer's a friend!
You must escape!
- [Truson] I can't leave. No.
- [Mara] But why? I want to go with you!
- [Truson] No, Mara.
Running away is not the solution.
Don't you see?
We'll not find peace anywhere else
until we find it here first.
- [Mara] But I fear for
your safety if you stay.
I know they mean to harm you.
(emotional orchestra music)
(ominous music)
(keys jangling)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
Is someone there?
(breathing heavily)
- Hello?
- [Holly] Mark?
- Holly?
- [Holly] Yeah.
Did I catch you at a bad time?
- Um, I'm...
No, no, this is fine.
What's up? Perfect time.
- [Holly] Okay.
I was just calling to say,
I hope that you didn't feel
like we drowned you out today.
You were kinda quiet.
I know I can be loud, and he can be loud.
And if we're gonna collaborate creatively,
everybody needs to feel
like they're being heard.
- Wow, that's really considerate of you
to think about me like that.
Thank you.
If I'm being honest,
lately I've been sort of...
stunted creatively and...
otherwise.
It's like I...
I try to get out there,
you know, and step to it,
and it's just like I just don't have
any kind of motivation anymore
or inspiration, I don't know.
It's my fault, I guess.
- [Holly] No, no.
I've felt the exact same way sometimes.
And, you know, no pressure.
I'm not trying to force you.
You can't force creativity, but,
you know, hopefully along the way
you will rediscover some of
your creativity and passion,
and hopefully I will get to see it.
- Yeah.
Thanks.
- [Holly] Anyway, that's it.
I'll let you get back to
whatever it is you're doing,
and see you at the next one.
- Okay, yeah, see you then.
(soft music)
Huh.
(eerie music)
(ominous music)
(heavy breathing)
(suspenseful music)
(music stops)
(soft music)
(ominous music)
(car honks)
(dramatic music)
(woman gasps)
(woman screams)
- I'm gonna lose the fog,
because I don't remember the
last time that we had a fog
so thick you can barely see through it.
- But that would look so good on camera!
- I mean, maybe that's how it went.
(slap)
- Oh! God!
Ow! Ow!
Stop it! Stop it!
(groaning)
- Okay, well how about this?
She's out on her late night jog, no fog.
Our stalker's been after her all night.
He's been sneaking around,
hiding behind bushes, trees.
- Okay.
- Until...
he makes a mistake.
He steps on a stick.
She turns and notice, he panics!
He chases after her!
She runs to her nearest neighbor,
starts beating on the door!
"Help, help, someone's gonna kill me!"
As the neighbor comes
through the door, boom!
Knife through the back and out the stomach
and blood goes everywhere!
(panting)
- Oh, that was for real? That was serious?
That is...
Did you read the articles on the kills?
I mean, that's not even close.
- I'm not...
I'm not trying to be critical...
but I'm gonna be.
This sounds like a very
generic slasher film.
- Generic?
How is this generic?
Look, what's different here
is that this could be anyone.
It could be your neighbor.
It could be your mom for all we know.
- No, Seth, it couldn't.
I think you're missing
what makes this whole thing
interesting and special,
and that's the fact that
it is a very specific story
that couldn't happen to just anyone.
The killer obviously has their own ideas.
- Right.
- And a very detail-oriented
way of doing this.
- Exactly.
- And we need to approach it
with that same level of observation...
- Thank you.
- [Holly] If this is the
story that we want to tell.
- Exactly. That's what I was gonna say.
- And it couldn't happen
to my neighbor or my mom,
because he has a type.
He has a profile that
he has been following.
And it's not just women.
- Right.
- Or even women...
- No.
- In a specific age demographic.
He has consistently targeted women...
- Right.
- With flower names.
- That remind him of his mom.
- What?
- Oh, they all had flower names.
You know, there was Mary-Rose Jones.
There was Iris Johnson.
And then there was Heather Beech.
- Huh!
Wow, that is something!
- The murder-lizer.
- What?
- It's like fertilizer, but with murder.
- No.
- No, that's...
What?
- The petal clipper.
- Oh!
- The petal-phile.
- What? No!
- The greenhouse strangler.
- Awful.
- The botanist.
- Why are we doing this?
- The gardener.
- I don't hate gardener.
- See?
We don't have to decide
on the name right now,
but we take the imagery of
someone slashing a flower
then slashing a girl.
Flower, girl, flower, girl.
- No one gut slashed!
- Thank you.
- The cause of death was...
strangulation.
- Exactly, strangulation.
There is, from what I read,
a very certain intimacy with strangulation
that's specific to the killer.
That's the whole point, right?
- Strangulation is boring!
The fans, they want entertainment!
They want blood, they want
screams, they want horror!
You know what?
Enough talking about it.
I'll show you.
Come outside.
I'm not gonna slash you.
(anxious music)
(suspenseful music)
(ax thuds)
- Welcome, class!
In today's lesson we will be talking
about two different things.
Fear...
and compromise.
For these lessons, I'll
need some assistance.
Any volunteers?
Holly?
Ah, ah!
Take a knee.
- Can't wait for this lawsuit.
- Lesson number one.
Compromise.
The articles say the
victims were dismembered
post-mortem, correct?
- Yes.
I like that. I liked that.
But...
what do you say...
we just moved the
timeline up a little bit?
It still sticks to the dismemberment.
It's just right before death
instead of right after.
I think you can agree that
that's not too big of a jump.
So, the killer has his victim tied up.
The camera's from below,
shooting up on our killer,
a position of dominance, of power!
He takes her hand, tries to
build a little trust with her.
He places it down.
He starts, finger by...
finger!
Until she's nothing but
a bloody mess to hide.
- I don't understand what
you're talking about.
This killer, it's not
about empowering himself
or showing dominance over somebody else.
It's about getting
something inside of him out
that he doesn't want.
- Do you want to go back to
making commercials for my dad?
- Okay. All right.
So, let's talk intimidation.
You have a weapon. You can lose a weapon.
You can drop a weapon. It
can be taken away from you.
You can even lose it in a
body at some point in time.
Now, if we wanna talk about fear,
if you're wanting to
sell the victim's fear...
Take a seat.
So if the idea that we're going with
is that we're gonna sell
them on the victim's fear...
I want you to imagine that
you're sharing this moment
with someone that you trust.
(soft string music)
And then, suddenly, this...
is the last thing, this face, these eyes,
are the last things that you see.
Imagine that realization.
Imagine the intimacy, the
powerlessness of that moment.
And on his side, he's feeling
her pulse get sluggish.
He's feeling her breath
slow down and get shallower.
Don't worry about him.
There's no one in this
moment but him and her.
He doesn't need a weapon.
All he needs is the two of them.
Imagine he's wearing glasses
and we see them get fogged up
and fogged up until, suddenly...
he sees clear as day as the
light goes out of her eyes.
♪ The light goes out of her eyes ♪
♪ Goes out of her eyes ♪
♪ Out of out of out of out of ♪
(energetic electronic music)
(gasps)
(coughs)
It's primal.
It's intimate.
It's terrifying.
Strangulation can be scary.
Mark, do you wanna
chime in on any of this?
Nice! You freaked him out!
- I freaked him out?
What the fuck was that?
(soft orchestral music)
- [Holly] Hey.
do you care if I join you?
- Sure.
- So...
That's not my standard writing style.
- I believe that.
- This is why I write alone.
It's just...
It's more solitary.
And it's not that I'm against compromise.
It's just that...
I kind of am against compromise.
I don't know. Maybe it's an
only child thing, you know?
Never really learned to share?
- Actually, I started one of your books.
- Oh yeah?
- Mm-hm. It's good.
- Thanks.
- I don't normally do true
crime stuff, but I like it.
There's a really good sense of detail.
- I appreciate it.
I mean, obviously, I don't
know how much of it is me.
That's the thing,
is that these are really
interesting stories.
They're already well-crafted.
You know?
That's why I don't understand the need
to add all this extra stuff
as if it isn't already
interesting on its own.
- Yeah.
- I mean...
I know that you've
worked with Seth before.
I think he's a good guy.
I just think he's kinda got this...
scent of Hollywood in his nostrils,
and he's not really letting go of that.
- I could see that.
Although, in his defense...
maybe he's trying to figure
out where he belongs, you know?
It can be really tough to see
how you fit into the world.
- Yeah, maybe.
- You know, that was
pretty impressive earlier
with the names and the flowers.
I didn't even notice that
myself, which is weird,
so that was pretty cool.
- Well, I mean, obviously
I didn't come up with it.
It's just the pattern
that was established.
I mean, that's the thing.
If you pay attention,
the important information
becomes apparent.
- Yeah.
This may be weird to say,
but I always feel like
I'm pretty good at...
observing, finding information.
Doing photography, that's kind
of the point, is that you...
watch someone and see if you
can figure out how they tick.
- Yeah.
It sounds like you have some
pretty interesting ideas.
And if you spoke up a
little more frequently,
we'd probably hear more of them.
- Yeah.
- Anyway...
This has probably been a
cigarette's length of break,
so I'm gonna head inside and make nice.
- Hey, sorry if I was
kind of weird earlier
when I walked off.
- It's fine.
Probably creeped you out.
I can be a little scary sometimes.
Anyway, see you.
(anxious music)
(camera clicks)
(birds whistling)
- So we can probably agree
that we all equally made that weird.
Obviously, I know a lot more
about the details of this case
because I've done a lot of research.
You know a lot about movies.
So there needs to be a
way for us to compromise
that does not involve axes or choking.
So...
let's walk through the
hypothetical targeting
of Iris Johnson to her death.
So, they meet somewhere.
(ball bounces)
- A bar.
It's loud. Lots of people.
He'd go unnoticed.
He sees Iris sitting at
the bar and approaches.
(ball bouncing)
- Um...
He sees her.
She's wearing a white
blouse with purple flowers,
and she smells like lavender.
(ball bounces)
- He approaches.
He buys her a drink.
They have a few
conversations, maybe a dance.
They enjoy themselves.
He's got that kind of look.
But...
it's closing time.
(ball bounces)
- They head out to her car,
where her tire has been
mysteriously slashed.
(ball bounces)
- There's a...
cartoon unicorn hanging
from the rear view mirror
and a yellow bumper sticker.
It's got a silly slogan on
it. It's torn on the corner.
(ball bounces)
He offers her a ride home
like any gentlemen would.
She accepts, but...
he takes a turn when she
didn't tell him to...
down a dark, dark back road.
(ball bounces)
- She's obviously very nervous.
She goes for her cell phone.
(ball bounces)
- He notices.
He panics and attacks!
But Iris is a little
stronger than the rest.
He pulls out a weapon.
Not a blade or a gun.
A wire.
You keep your strangulation...
- And you get your bloodshed.
That's good. That's really good.
She tries to get her
hand in between the wire
and her throat, but it's sharp.
It cuts into her fingers.
And he realizes that,
to make it harder to figure
out what the weapon was,
he's gonna need to remove the hand.
(ball bounces)
- Do you think he would...
do anything?
(ball bounces)
- Even if he did, we wouldn't
include it in the movie.
(somber music)
- Okay.
Even though he's obviously aroused,
he takes her back home
to dismember the body.
(ball bounces)
- Would he take her home or
would he have something offsite?
- He wouldn't take her home.
- Um...
Okay, so, maybe it's somewhere offsite.
And even if we assume that
something sexual happened,
we don't show it.
(ball bounces)
- He definitely wouldn't do
those sexual deviant things
at his own house, right?
(ball bounces)
- I mean, we don't know that.
But let's take it in
a different direction.
What if she's not attracted
to him at the bar?
Maybe he gives off a creepy vibe.
(ball thuds)
- Maybe he's ugly.
Probably smells.
Maybe that's why he's so attracted
to the scent of lavender.
- Guys...
(ball bounces)
- So, then she doesn't accept
his offer for a ride home,
and he attacks her right
outside of her own vehicle.
- I mean, what do you think?
- It's...
This whole sexual deviancy thing,
you guys are really just
flying off the handle.
What's this...
It's completely off track.
It's nothing like the report said.
I don't understand what you're doing.
None of that happened, okay?
I read the articles.
That's not how it went.
- Um...
Okay, well...
floor's yours.
What do you think? What drew him to her?
Why is he doing what he's doing?
- Maybe he sees a certain
style of clothing,
and it reminds him of
somebody that he knew before
that he hated or he
wanted and couldn't have.
He's drawn to 'em.
(ball bouncing)
- I don't know that...
killers are big followers
of fashion, Mark.
But, I mean, it's a good
note. We'll think it over.
I do like the idea of
exploring the common theme
besides just the names with these women.
So, maybe...
I don't know, maybe we can...
get to know them a little bit
better in whatever way we can.
I can go to where someone
worked, maybe talk to a coworker.
- I've got a list of acquaintances.
I could see if they missed
anything in the report.
- If I need to, there's
something I can do.
- Great.
So we've all got our homework.
(ball bounces)
- Yay, homework.
(sentimental orchestral music)
- Quickly, Truson!
I have a key! The jailer's a friend!
You must escape!
- [Truson] I can't leave. No.
- [Mara] But why? I want to go with you!
- [Truson] No, Mara. Running
away is not the solution.
Don't you see?
We'll not find peace anywhere else
until we find it here first.
- [Mara] but I fear for
your safety if you stay!
I know they mean to harm you.
- [Truson] You said you were
willing to run away with me.
Are you just as willing
to stay here in Hamelin?
Stand beside me while I fight?
- [Mara] Yes, my darling.
♪ How can I tell you ♪
♪ Now it's them I see ♪
♪ Things that were hidden ♪
♪ Now are clear to me ♪
♪ Now you're near ♪
♪ There's no fear ♪
♪ For the wall in between us ♪
♪ Has been broken ♪
♪ Now you know ♪
♪ I won't go ♪
♪ What remained unexplained ♪
♪ Will now be spoken ♪
♪ How can I tell you ♪
♪ Never will we part ♪
♪ My eyes are open ♪
♪ Now they see your heart ♪
♪ Doubt is gone ♪
♪ From now on ♪
♪ No more secrets inside ♪
♪ You know I love you ♪
♪ Doubt is gone ♪
♪ From now on ♪
♪ No more secrets inside ♪
♪ You know I love you ♪
♪ Too ♪
(peaceful orchestral music)
(footsteps)
- Sorry for the wait.
I was finishing a wreath.
- No problem.
- It was for funeral.
- Oh.
Sorry.
- Ah, no, don't be.
The murders have actually
been really good for business.
- Oh.
Silver lining.
- So you're here to talk about Heather.
- Yeah. Can you tell
me a little about her?
- Not much to tell.
I didn't know her all that well.
She was cool though.
You know, funny.
She got all of her work done
on time, so good for her.
- So, did she seem okay
in the days leading up
to her disappearance?
Was she acting out of character?
- Oh, you know, she was
pretty normal, actually.
- She had a date, though,
that she was going on.
You know, so...
(slams flowers)
good for them.
- Yeah? Did you get
his name by any chance?
- No, but she had a lot of dates,
so it wasn't anything unusual, you know.
None of them were me, though,
'cause that would be unprofessional.
(tool bangs)
- Right.
- And she said no.
- So you don't know anything about...
who he was or maybe what he did?
- No.
I mean, I saw a picture of him though.
- Really? Could you describe him for me?
- He was a pretty average
looking guy, reddish brown hair.
Pretty average height.
Basic build.
I do not remember the color of his eyes.
- Very descriptive.
- Brian!
Get back to work!
(sighs)
- Well, hey, I gotta get back to it.
Listen, be sure if you
write about the murders
and everything that you
mention the name of this shop,
all right?
It would be really super
helpful for business.
All right?
(chattering)
(eerie music)
(computer mouse clicking)
- Poor girl.
(somber orchestral music)
- I'm just so happy that you're here
and that we get to have this together
without somebody
constantly interrupting us.
That's probably too much.
I feel like we connect, you know?
Like you really see me...
in a way that other people don't.
(disturbing music)
Holly...
would you like to stay here with me?
(phone beeps)
One sec.
Just a work thing.
What were you saying?
(soft orchestral music)
Right.
(ominous music)
- Okay, check it out.
These are all photos from
Heather Beech's social accounts.
What do you see?
- A bar mitzvah.
- Cute lady and her nephew?
- What about this one? Look close.
- Football and failure.
- I like her top.
- Jesus, Sherlock! The necklace!
Look, she's wearing a necklace
in all of these photos.
Birthdays, New Year's, date night.
They never found that necklace.
- I don't wanna blow your mind right now,
but people do take off their jewelry.
- Yeah, yeah, so what?
- I talked to her family last night.
- You...
You talked to her family?
That's-
- That's not the point.
This isn't just some normal necklace.
Her mother gave it to her before she died.
Why would she stop wearing this necklace
on the night she was murdered?
- I mean, like, I know
you love your bracelet,
but not everybody wears jewelry every day.
- You said it yourself.
He likes something that she's
wearing, and he wants it.
It could be jewelry.
He's taking these things as a trophy.
- What about these stories?
Have you read all of these
or just the ones with photos?
- Okay, assuming that the police
already have all of this information,
what does your discovery mean
for what we're doing right now?
- I was thinking...
maybe we try to tackle this
from a different angle.
- Okay.
- Instead of the dark and
brooding silent killer,
what if we kick it up a notch?
Maybe he's charismatic, a little flashy.
Woos women?
Takes the jury as trophies.
- So like if Batman were a criminal.
- Batman.
Robin's lame.
- I just don't know that
people are gonna wanna watch
a movie about a rich, good-looking guy
literally getting away with murder.
- You wanna know what I think?
I think you're jealous.
You come in here thinking
you know everything
about serial killers and murderers.
But you know what?
Captain true crime
didn't come up with shit!
- Fuck you, Seth!
- Fuck me!
- Yeah. I'm sorry I
didn't get any great info
from her coworkers she barely talked to.
I didn't get all invasive with her family.
You know, you're a
well-dressed, good-looking guy.
Do you care if we go
rifle through your room
and see what you're hanging on to?
- You know what?
- Guys, guys, just calm down.
- I stuck my neck out for you!
- To who? Yourself?
- Oh, please!
Look, I've seen your book numbers.
You need this just as bad as I do.
- This is bullshit.
(sighs)
(door slams)
- I'm gonna end up just like you.
(emotional music)
(birds whistling)
Hey.
- Hey.
- You okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
What's that?
- Indirect peace offering?
- Well, I wouldn't have said no
to something stronger
than water, but thanks.
- Yeah.
Stuff got pretty heated in there.
- I know. I'm...
I'm sorry about the whole tantrum.
He just seems to have a unique
ability to push my buttons.
- Do you guys have a...
Like a past?
Maybe you dated?
- No!
No, we just...
fundamentally disagree about
how to tell this story.
- Right.
- I mean, I knew there would
be creative differences,
but not like this.
I was already iffy about...
bringing fame and notoriety
to this person anyway.
And now we're talking about glamorizing
what this sicko's doing?
- Well...
I mean, before you said it
was really interesting, right?
- Yeah, it's interesting.
But that doesn't make
it good or sympathetic.
- Yeah.
- I just think it could
be really harmful to...
portray this killer as a hot, cool guy.
I know that they think
that they're doing something important
or maybe even artistic with
this, but they're not there.
They're just killing people.
- What about the whole
gray area in writing,
where characters aren't all
good or all bad, you know?
- Right, but there is still
good and there is still bad.
And I think the good are
the people that were killed.
You know, they should
be living their lives
but that chance was taken away from them
by this person for their
own twisted reasons.
(tense music)
It's not cool.
It's not glamorous.
It's sick. It's obsessive.
They are a murderer!
(cup crunches)
(water splashing)
Shit!
Are you okay?
- I'm so sorry!
Shit!
Yeah, yeah.
- You are soaked!
- I'm sorry.
- Should we just call it for the day?
Do you need to go home?
- No. I...
In my line of work, you need
to keep extra clothes on hand,
so I can change.
It's fine.
- Okay.
Go for it.
- Sorry.
- Yeah, I'll just take
a minute to cool down,
and then we can go back in.
Promise not to peak!
(emotional music)
(sighs)
You ready?
- Yeah.
(car door shuts)
(sighs)
(door opens)
- So...
I regret some things.
I'm sorry about what I
said. I was way out of line.
To be completely honest, it's
not even really accurate.
I actually did research your book sales.
Pretty damn good.
Better than anything I've ever done.
Mark...
did you know that we are
currently working with a member
of John Anderson's top 200
true crime authors of 2020?
- Yeah.
- Did you already know that about me,
or did you look it up when
I was outside just now?
- Does that really matter a little yet?
- A little, yes!
- Whatever.
- So where has this Seth been?
- Under a lot of stress.
(soft music)
- Well, I like him. He's very charming.
Well, I like him. He's
very charming, charming.
(disturbing music)
I need to be receptive to
ideas that aren't mine.
I'm sorry.
And it was really fucked up
to imply that you were a murderer.
I don't even know where that came from.
- I mean, I do kind of look the part.
- Well, you do dress really well.
Okay.
So, tell me about your
charming, magnetic killer.
- How about I show you?
- An act out?
- Act out!
I've been thinking about
this one for a little while.
This here.
Just a second.
Holly?
- No! Why do I always
have to be the victim?
- Do you really need to ask that?
Holly? Flower names?
Serial killer?
- Holly is not a flower. It's a plant.
- Close enough.
- Mark!
You haven't done one yet.
Grab a seat.
- I'm good, thanks. No.
- Come on, man.
- Be a team player! We're on a team now.
- Go team!
(sighs)
Okay.
All right.
In this scenario, our killer
has our victim in a chair,
hands tied behind their back.
Behind on the back.
Come on.
(soft music)
All right.
So at this point, our victim is terrified.
Alone.
She doesn't know what's coming next.
Is he making an advance?
- Okay! Can we stop?
Is that really necessary?
- Your hands are supposed to be tied up.
- Come on, man. Behind your back.
- Okay.
- All right.
As I was saying...
is he making an advance...
or...
is he just gonna blow
his fucking brains out?
- Whoa!
- What the fuck?
Is this real?
- Why would I have a fake gun?
- [Holly] Is it loaded?
- No, it's not loaded!
- What do you even have that?
- Um, there's a murderer on the loose.
- Don't point guns at
your friends, you weirdo!
- You're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
But did you see the look on his face?
He didn't know what was gonna happen next!
- You were pretty scared.
- Yeah, there was a gun.
- Damn near pissed his pants.
- Are we done? Is that it?
- So how are you feeling about it?
I feel like you watched a lot of movies
over the last 20 years,
you regurgitated them into this cliche,
and we just did that.
It's like an animal with no
brain trying to create art.
- Okay.
- Wow.
Well, you know, you're a big guy
sitting in his friend's living room.
You've got to put yourself
in the state of mind
of one of these victims.
You are a bright, accomplished young woman
with people who love her.
You should have your
whole life ahead of you,
but you put your trust
in the wrong person,
and now your whole life is
in the hands of this monster.
- Damn you're good.
- Okay.
Sure.
- So...
try again.
Think like that.
- All right then.
Hands behind your back.
As I was saying...
he's had this victim for
weeks, living off scraps.
She's hungry, weak.
Not knowing what's coming next.
Her dreams, her aspirations
all fading away...
all with just a tight squeeze.
- Stop, stop, stop! Okay?
Take a fucking second and
do something that matters!
You're not accomplishing anything!
What are you doing? Are
you gonna be in the movie?
Why are we doing this? Are you acting?
We're just spinning our tires!
How many times have we met up?
I'm gonna take a second
and leave and do something
to actually help us push
this story forward, you know,
figure something out.
If you guys wanna do the same,
maybe you should do that and
we can get something done.
Okay?
I'm sorry. I just, I gotta go.
- Was it something I said?
- You pointed a gun at him!
- Too much?
(eerie music)
(crickets chirping)
(startling music)
- Oh! (laughs)
You must be Mark.
- Yeah. Daisy?
- Yeah, it's nice to meet you!
- Yeah, you too.
You...
- Yeah, you wanna sit down?
- So, this is a nice park.
- It's really nice. It's
been a beautiful day.
- You would think. You would think.
- Did you have a rough day?
- Yeah, work stuff. It was kinda bad.
- I hear ya.
Yeah, work. Ugh.
(laughs)
- What do you do?
- I am an art teacher
for middle schoolers.
- Wow!
- Mm-hm.
- That must be...
unbearable.
- Um...
not really.
I mean, I love to teach
art, and I love kids,
so it's been...
It's pretty fulfilling.
It can have its challenges
though. Definitely.
- I'm actually pretty
creative myself, I guess.
I'm a photographer.
- Oh!
- And I work on some film
projects here and there,
getting into that.
- Wow! That sounds like fun.
- Well, sometimes.
I actually had a meeting
today that kind of went crazy,
like I was saying.
They won't really listen to
me and take my input on stuff.
And it's actually a topic
that I know all about
and they won't even recognize that
and listen to what I have to say.
And it gets really frustrating,
and I'm not really sure
what to do about it.
I don't know.
I'm rambling though. Sorry.
- Well, I mean, it's hard
when you're not heard.
I can understand that.
And don't worry about the rambling.
I'm pretty nervous myself.
This is my first time.
- On a date?
- Oh, well...
My first time on a date app.
I was in this long-term relationship.
It just didn't work out.
It's been a long time,
and my best friend pretty
much pushed me into this.
- I actually have the same
kind of problem going on.
There's this girl that I'm working with,
the thing from today.
Like, she really sees me
for me, which is impossible.
So it was so great!
And I really feel like
she could be the one.
But suddenly I find out
she's going behind my
back right in front of me
with this douche bag named Seth,
and I don't know what to do.
Like, that really...
It hurts!
- [Daisy] Yeah, I'm sure.
I'm sure that was heartbreaking.
- Yeah. Yeah, it is.
- So is this someone
you're currently seeing?
I mean, are y'all still in contact?
- Not at the moment, it seems.
This is going well!
You wanna get outta here?
- Um...
Well, you know...
Really...
Oh my gosh!
My babysitter has to leave in 30 minutes.
She got school tomorrow,
so I really can't.
What are you doing?
- It won't take long.
(ominous music)
- Let go of me!
- Just come. Come on.
Just-
(purse thuds)
- Fuckin' weirdo!
(sighs)
(phone beeps)
(ominous music)
(birds whistling)
(soft music)
(phone beeps)
(slams jacket)
(anxious music)
(clock ticking)
(sniffling)
(feet shuffling)
(metal plunks)
- So stupid!
You're a sick...
(banging head)
stupid...
twisted...
freak.
Everybody was right.
You're not gonna change.
You're not gonna be somebody else.
(emotional orchestral music)
(crying)
Gonna lose her!
He's filling her head with all this shit!
She's gonna go.
(breathing heavily)
(eerie music)
Unless...
Unless I make a gesture.
Do you think...
if I gave her that?
I know that it's special to you,
but she's so special to me, and
I just have to do something.
(emotional orchestral music)
Yeah?
(ominous music)
(crying softly)
Thank you.
(ticking)
(knocking on door)
- Mark!
What's up, man?
- Hey.
- You busy?
- Yeah, actually...
Yeah.
- Well, I was just in the
neighborhood and was wondering
if you had some time to
talk about a few shots.
- Yeah, um...
Okay. Yeah.
- I mean, I know we're meeting tomorrow,
but I feel like if I bring
it up in front of Holly,
she's just gonna shoot
me down anyway, you know?
- She won't listen to
anything I have to say.
You know I have good ideas.
Think about the commercial
we shot a few months back.
My idea.
Revenues 50% up.
- Yeah, it was good.
I thought you did a good job with that.
(soft music)
Do you think it's a good idea
to be out here right now?
Is it safe with everything?
- Unless your name's Lily or Rose,
I don't think I have much to worry about.
Plus...
I've got a little extra protection.
(anxious music)
- Yeah.
- That your shop?
I didn't know you were a car guy.
- No. That was my stepdad's.
- Your stepdad owns a
shop in your backyard?
- He's dead.
- I'm sorry. I didn't mean...
I didn't know.
- It's nothing.
Why don't we go check out this...
location that I saw the
other day, this cool spot.
Maybe you'll like it. I can get my camera.
We can take some shots if you want.
- Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That sounds like a good idea.
Is it around here?
- Yeah, it's close. Yeah.
I'll get my camera.
- Yeah, yeah. I'll wait inside.
- Just hang out out here though.
It's kind of a mess.
There's a lot of garbage.
- Yeah.
- It's just kinda smelly.
It's embarrassing.
- No problem.
- All right. I'll be right back.
- Yeah.
Hey, you dropped your...
(mysterious music)
(dramatic music)
(door opens)
- All right.
- Hey, look...
It was rude of me to come
over tonight unannounced.
We can pick back up on
this tomorrow, all right?
- Okay. Yeah.
- We've got a busy day. Don't wanna...
- Yeah, sure.
- Tomorrow.
(dramatic music)
(car starts)
(phone ringing)
- [Holly] Hey, what's up?
- Hey, can you come meet me now?
- [Holly] Right now?
- Yeah, there's something I
need to talk to you about.
- [Holly] Everything okay?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm at a location I was showing
Seth. I can drop you a pin.
- [Holly] In town?
- Yeah, not too far.
- [Holly] Okay, yeah. Give
me about five minutes.
- Okay.
- I'll see you soon. Bye.
(suspenseful music)
Mark?
(anxious music)
(phone beeping)
(ominous music)
Shit!
(phone beeping)
(dramatic music)
(Holly screams)
- Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
(car beeping)
(emotional music)
(traffic rushing)
(rain hitting windshield)
- What are you doing,
Mark? What are you doing?
(ticking)
(soft music)
- We're home.
So sorry that I have to do it...
like this, but I think you're
gonna be really excited
whenever you see what I'm doing here,
because I want you to be a
part of the story, all right?
You're not like the other girls.
You're different, okay? You're...
You're special, all right?
There's something about
you that they don't have.
And you seem to get me in such a way
that makes me feel like I'm alive.
And I just, I want you to know that, okay?
- Not another step, Mark!
(tense music)
- Seth?
What's going on?
- Why don't you tell me what's going on.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
We were working on the
movie and she got sick.
- No. No more lies, Mark.
- I swear!
If you just let me get
her, she'll tell you.
- No!
I said not another step.
- Okay.
What do you want me to do?
- Just back away.
- Okay.
- Look, okay.
I know this looks bad, but it's just...
It's not what it seems like, okay?
Just calm down and let me explain.
- Explain?
Explain this.
(dramatic music)
- What is that?
You know exactly what this is, Mark.
This is Heather Beech's necklace.
- Where'd you get that?
- I found it at your house.
Either you're just
clumsy or really unlucky.
- You are not seeing the opportunity
that is in front of you.
There is so much you could learn here,
so much that you could use for the movie.
It's sincere. It's real, okay.
It'll be authentic.
- Okay, yeah. Maybe I
should be thanking you.
You know, I was starting to worry
about the ending of our little flick.
Never thought I'd be the
hero of my own movie.
Yet here you come with a little twist.
I wonder who they'd get to play me.
- Okay, I know it looks like
you don't have any choices here.
It's an odd situation, but you
just need to take a second.
You don't have to do this, okay?
You don't have to do
this. Just take a second.
(Holly grunts)
(slam)
(dramatic music)
(breathing heavily)
(tool clanking)
Holly?
- He was pointing a gun at you.
He was pointing a gun at
you, so I had to hit him.
Oh my God! Is he okay?
- He's not breathing.
- Oh my God! I can't...
Oh my God.
Oh my God, but he had...
He had that necklace
he kept talking about!
It was Seth the whole time?
He was trying to get us
to make a movie about him!
Where's my phone?
I need a phone! I need a phone!
We need to call the police!
I just killed someone.
We need to do something. I killed someone.
I just killed someone!
We have to do something!
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
- No, no, no, no, no!
I just killed somebody!
- Okay, okay.
- It's not okay!
- Yes, yes, yes, it's fine.
- I killed someone! You
don't know how that feels!
We need to call the police!
I have to call my boyfriend!
We have to call someone!
(soft music)
- What? You have to-
- I left right after you called me.
He doesn't even know where I am right now!
And we need to get the police
here! Maybe an ambulance!
We need to do something, Mark! Oh my God!
Can you just...
Can you get a phone, please?
Please, can you get help?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- I'll...
- Thank you. I'm sorry.
- I'll get the car.
I'll get the car and bring
the car around, okay?
- Okay.
(crying)
And I'm gonna check, and maybe he's okay.
It was a mistake.
Oh my God. Oh my God, Seth.
Okay.
Mark?
Where are we?
(dramatic music)
- How did I get here?
- It doesn't matter, it doesn't
matter, it doesn't matter.
Just...
Mark's getting a phone.
Oh my God. Can you hurry?
Can we get someone?
What are you doing?
(dramatic music)
(door creaking)
Mark?
(lock clicks)
(ticking)
(dramatic orchestral music)
♪ Where's my son ♪
♪ My boy John ♪
♪ I can't live ♪
♪ Now that he has gone ♪
♪ All is grief ♪
♪ All is woe ♪
♪ No more gladness ♪
♪ Will my heart know ♪
♪ Sorrow dark ♪
♪ Fills the day ♪
♪ All the light ♪
♪ Has been shut away ♪
♪ Only doom ♪
♪ Lies ahead ♪
♪ Only gloom ♪
♪ And the tears we'll shed ♪
♪ Here they stepped ♪
♪ Laughed and wept ♪
♪ Danced and crept ♪
♪ Prayed and slept ♪
♪ Now their games ♪
♪ All will cease ♪
♪ Toys and dolls ♪
♪ Will rest in peace ♪
♪ Ray of hope ♪
♪ Now won't gleam ♪
♪ Life is only ♪
♪ An empty dream ♪